oh this is apparently the heaviest mug
in the world and there's a very good
reason for it the entire packaging has
been ripped apart presumably because of
how heavy it is wow the handle is welded
on like a dumbbell grip and you're
probably going to need that grip because
my God holy moly this thing is
ridiculous I can't believe the brand is
just heavy and literally has half the
capacity of a normal mug so let's figure
out just how much it weighs with the mug
if I stand on a scale I weigh 90.5 kg
now without the mug we try again I have
lost 10.1 kilos so why on Earth would
anyone want a mug that weighs 10 kg well
it's designed so that you have to work
out to earn your drink every single time
you want to take a sip that's a bicep
curl it feels a lot heavier than 10
kilos oh my God screw this I'm not
thirsty anymore